Add Pull Request Template for Consistent Contribution Workflow (#57)
alumnium-hq/alumnium: pr-request-template.md

# Pull Request Template

Thank you for your contribution to Alumnium!

> Please fill out this template completely to help us understand and review your PR efficiently.

Reviewer: WDYT if we relax a bit on the rules and not force contributors to fill in everything? Some of the sections, like Related issue, won't be relevant in all cases. Other idea is to cut down the sections a bit.
```suggestion
Please fill out this template to help us understand and review your PR efficiently.
```

## Summary
What is this pull request about?
Provide a brief description of what the PR does, the problem it solves, and any context around the implementation.

## Motivation
Why is this change being made?
Describe the use case, problem, or opportunity that this PR addresses.
Explain how this change contributes to the project's goals or improves functionality.

## Related Issue(s)
If this PR fixes or is related to an open issue, link it here.
Example: Closes #123

Closes #

## Type of Change
Mark the relevant options.

> - [ ] Bug fix  
> - [ ] New feature  
> - [ ] Documentation update  
> - [ ] Test coverage improvement  
> - [ ] Refactoring  
> - [ ] CI/CD enhancement
> - [ ] Breaking change
> - [ ] Other (please specify):

Reviewer: Let's join some of the options, so it's easier to choose. WDYT about this list:
```suggestion
- [ ] Bug fix  
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking changes, test coverage, refactoring)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix, refactoring, or feature that would cause existing functionality to change)
- [ ] Cleanup (documentation, formatting)
```

## Code or UI Demos (if applicable)
Add screenshots, logs, terminal output, or code snippets that help reviewers understand the change.
Useful especially for UI changes or error fixes.

## Testing Strategy
How have you tested your changes?
Mention tools used, test cases added or updated, and how the change was validated.

## Local Testing
Describe the environment and steps you used to test these changes locally.

> Include any relevant configuration details or test data.

Reviewer: @automatealchemist, what is the idea for these sections? You added a checklist below to remind contributors to test locally and add tests. We can skip these, as all the test changes will be visible in the file changes, and it feels redundant to ask to list the updated tests.

## Dependencies

> List any new dependencies added or existing ones modified by this PR.

Reviewer: Dependencies will be visible as changes in the poetry files, we can skip this section

## Performance Considerations
Describe any performance impacts this change might have, positive or negative.
Include benchmark results if available.

## Security Considerations
Outline any security implications of these changes.

> Document how security concerns have been addressed if applicable.

Reviewer: Unfortunately, we don't have any benchmark tests in place, and it'll be tricky for a contributor to get them. I feel like `Security Considerations` will be empty most of the time. WDYT if we skip them for now? Once we have benchmarks and security checks in place, we can bring them back.

## Deployment Notes
Include any special instructions required for deploying this change.

> Mention database migrations, environment variables, or other requirements.

Reviewer: We don't have a database or migrations. GitHub handles the deployment, so if someone changes the config files, we'll see the required changes. I think this section can be skipped.

> ## Reviewer Focus Areas
> Highlight specific areas or files where you would like reviewers to focus their attention.

Reviewer: WDYT if we merge this section with `## Additional Notes`? it looks like they have similar purpose to give or highlight additional details.

```suggestion
## Additional Notes
Anything else the reviewer should be aware of?
For example: limitations, discussions to follow up on, specific areas where you would like reviewers to focus their attention, or next steps.
```
